good afternoon with you the builder about him
Russians from Alps olshevskaya today our
video about what is
Elevator assembly where it is installed
and how it works
so your attention is presented
photo where is installed
Elevator knot means Elevator
node is installed in high-rise
residential buildings office buildings
schools stores that is in all homes
where is the central system
heating
mean and so what we see means self
Elevator node here you see it
it means this flange flange assembly
so this jumper which
passes from the return line in under
connects the return line and the falling
means 4
gate valves sump manometers and manometers
and thermometers and petcock
means how they all work means in
the first for what the elevator knot is necessary
mean at snip temperature
coolant in buildings where present
that is, people should not exceed
temperature range 95 70 95 degrees
this is the flow temperature in
residential building
which should pass 70
respectively, in reverse it is
maximum temperature at
temperature conditions on the street minus 28
degrees the temperature of the water that we have
comes from the heat network this here it goes
like that and goes to
the reverse side since the heating network and with
located
where to be several kilometers away
must building or administrative
accordingly, the temperature will be high
high it means temperature history
if degrees and 120 to 150 degrees
so this temperature is unacceptable in
residential buildings
therefore, an elevator assembly is installed
elevator which serves as a pump
mixing pump what is he
represents this here
the node where the nozzle is located if you
look up then painted on the wall
written more precisely the cone of the nozzle is equal
diameter of 6 ie six millimeters
then this is the reverse suction line
jumper which connects the reverse
highway and falling masters
that is, when moving, that is, when
working system means nozzle
creates backflow water from return
highways
it means from here the giving moves
highway
from the heating system and here in this place that is
mixing takes place in the chamber
back temperature and building and falling
from the heating system
the temperature decreases accordingly and
already working temperature ie 95
degrees went to the house means latches
which is located on the left side of
of the elevator assembly they close and
cut house latch which
located on the right side cut off
heating system, respectively, gauges
show pressure which attackers
main heating networks
to return in heating VTI
it means this is where we suck
all suspended parts accumulate
and the gauge is deposited accordingly
after the sump shows when he
polluted when it needs to be opened
and cleaning means thermometer thermometers
show the temperature of the coolant
It means unfortunately these are photos but also
she cropped started after this
shutters should be here in this place
2 gauges are installed respectively
barely a thermometer cap about which
already shows the parameters of the type of water in
buildings coolant means
satellite 2 is present
cork at the crane with the help of which system
filled up
during the heating period is filled in
period summer when produced
pressure testing and so on it all was with you
Natalia Czech and remstroyservis
subscribe to our channel you want
watch interesting videos